[Home](https://pmangalapally.github.io/)

**Lead Developer**  
As a lead developer for the Operations team, maximizing revenue by submitting every claim processed in in-house or vendor adjudication systems as an encounter to CMS (The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) or state Encounters processing agencies by adhering to timeliness, completeness, accuracy (data quality), contractual compliance and SLAs.

Assisted team to implement data pipelines to develop descriptive, diagnostic, and prescriptive analytics data assets which help the Operations team and department’s senior leadership to review Encounters processing SLAs, and act necessarily whenever/wherever required.
 
Evaluating new features and bug fixes in Encounter Data Manager releases to settle on the proper release that meets the organization's needs. Establishing environments for brand new market implementations. Performing occasional business analyst role to review requirements from various stakeholders.
 
Providing continuous guidance and feedback in design and code reviews to make sure the standard and quality of applications aren't compromised.
 
As a UAT approver for major project implementations, reviewing application implementation, UAT test results to make sure business and production operational needs are met.

Enhancing production monitoring systems to improve incident management processes to detect, investigate, mitigate, resolve problems. Developed customized templates for incident response/communication and postmortem processes.

Working towards developing unified solutions to enhance business processes and provide transparency in the encounter life-cycle by reducing state-specific complex customizations in multiple consumer applications.  

**Programmer Analyst Senior**  
As an individual contributor, I built and maintained Encounters transactional, reconciliation, and monitoring systems. Migrated homegrown applications to a third-party Encounter Data Manager (EDM) platform. Implemented customized solutions within EDM product to produce state or CMS-specific HIPAA X12 Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) transaction sets for 837 professional, institutional, and dental outbound files, and to consume TA1, 999, 277U, 277P, 277CA, 835 X12, and proprietary responses. Implemented customized solutions to consume claims in an 837 X12 professional format and generate NCPDP D.0 format outbound file for pharmacy encounters processing. Refactored existing applications for better performance and code maintenance.
 
Collaborated with DevOps team to set customized procedures and policies to satisfy department needs in git version control system maintenance, and standard build & deployment procedures. Designed batch automation jobs for optimized production operations. Assisted team to build a data lake within the Hadoop cluster for Encounters department data, which is consumed by both Encounters and Enterprise Analytics team for further analysis, reconciliation, dashboards, and predictive models. Assisted team to create a workflow system for Encounters errors management to correct data in source systems for fallouts from submissions because of data problems or encounter rejected by processing agencies using a Low-Code Development, Business Process Management, Platform-as-a-Service Cloud computing service.  
